Example Question: The correct answer is "Hello"!Goodbye!See Ya!Help!Hello!yeah!Nah
Ethan and a group of friends went to see the Five Nights at Freddie's movie in theaters. How soon after release did they see it?!First Day!Within the month!Within a year!Within a week!That's right, second day, baby!haha, not a true fan. The ticklefight was viewed on the second day.
Connor's last name is:!Cappi!Cappitella!Capiteli!Cappitelli!The Italian Stalion's name is indeed spelled that way!Nah, try again later.
What is the first song that Acid Fog published?!Memory Banks!The Acid King!Into The Fog!Original Jam!A hood classic!:(
Acid Fog was formed in a secluded garage, where?!Springfield, Illinois!Bloomington, Illinois!Chicago, Illinois!Mechanicsburg, Illinois!That's Right, Acid Fog was formed in a Garage in MechanicsBurg Illinois, there are simply few places to perform there, so they tend to play gigs in the surrounding areas.!The correct answer to this question would have been Mechanicsburg, Illinois. It is there that the band members congregated, though they play in other places around Illinois.
Which Gig was Acid Fog's first official gig?!Dumb Records!Midwest Trade Expo!The Depths Backyard!Skank Skates!Acid Fog (Then temporarily named Gloom)'s first gig was at Skank Skates, February 4th, 2023.!Consider looking at the Acid Fog Tapes if you want the answer.
How many public Acid Fog shows have not been recorded in their entirety, disregarding technical errors?!One!Two!Three!Zero!That's Right, as of 10/29/2023, every single acid fog concert/show/performance that was publically available has been recorded in its entirety.!Not quite, we're pretty good about recording their shows.
Before playing bass in Acid Fog, clint played which instrument?!Banjo!Drums!He always played bass!Guitar!Clint also plays the spoons. He mentioned it in his Activator interview.!Clint played guitar before being asked to play bass for Acid Fog.
Ethan has four cats, which of them is his absolute undeniable favorite?!Milo/bussy!Spooky!Tammy!Ellie!Unfortunately, Ethan adores the goblin cat.!Nope. Not that one.
How many time had Acid Fog played at Dumb Records in 2023?!0!1!2!3!If only it were even more!Can I put emojis here? would that work? 🤡 holy shit no way. It actually even shows the emoji in the default linux mint text editor, I really did not expect that.
In the Activator Issue 63, featuring Acid Fog, Activator asked "Who's on your playlist, what have you been listening to a lot recently?", who answered "Black Sabbath, Alice in Chains, Led Zepplin, Nirvana, and The Residents"?!Clarence Van Jaunt!Ethan!Clint!Connor!I'm surprised Connor didn't put Van Halen, personally.!No.
In the Activator Issue 63, featuring Acid Fog, Activator asked "Who's on your playlist, what have you been listening to a lot recently?", who answered "Camel, Acid Mammoth, The Doors, Buckethead, and Frank Zappa"?!Clarence Van Jaunt!Ethan!Connor!Clint!Clint's listening. Right now. To you. Your breathing. It's ragged. Straighten up.!No.
In the Activator Issue 63, featuring Acid Fog, Activator asked "Who's on your playlist, what have you been listening to a lot recently?", who answered "Pentagram, Mephistofeles, Electric Wizard, Oingo Boingo, and B-52s"?!Clarence Van Jaunt!Connor!Clint!Ethan!Mr. Wright would also probably say "Mac DeMarco" now!No.
In the Activator Issue 63, featuring Acid Fog, Activator asked Acid Fog questions-- What was the name of the individual accredited for asking questions?!Joseph Copley!Scott Faingold!Tom Raymond!Carol Weems!I could be wrong, but I think that's why they put the name at the top...!How about you read the issue to find out... oh.
Which was released on the Offical Acid Fog YouTube Channel First? (MMDDYYYY)!Buzzbomb 09/02/2023!George Ranks 06/23/2023!Dumb Records 10/13/2023!Centennial Park 09/09/2023!Yes. Perhaps a little out of order :/!SIKE YOU THOUGHT
What time did the Acid Fog performance at Main Gate Bar and Grill (11/18/2023) start?!8:00 P.M.!8:00 A.M.!8:30 P.M.!7:15 P.M.!Despite the flyers CLEARLY stating 8:00 P.M., they started way early. The 8:00 P.M. Flyer was even in the november 2023 issue of Activator.!Did you know you can view the flyer in our "past events" page?
Do you have a question? Please send it to gloomofficial87@gmail.com, and we might add it here.!ok!ok!ok!ALRIGHT!HELL YEAH!please help I am running out of ideas.
